Add migration guide page (#2459)
arviz-devs/arviz: doc/source/getting_started/Installation.rst

dependencies to further enhance the library. This guide will cover both basic and fully-fledged ArviZ installs and several installation methods.

.. tip::

   If you are installing ArviZ for the first time, consider installing with

   .. code:: bash

      pip install "arviz[preview]"

   And using the library through the {mod}`arviz.preview` module.

>    There are still some features present in ``arviz.`` not available
>    in ``arviz.preview.``, but most already are and there are also
>    some new ones that are not available in ``arviz.`` (and won't ever be).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   While some features in ``arviz.`` are not available
   in ``arviz.preview.``,  most have been included. Additionally, ``arviz.preview.``
   include many new ones that are not available in ``arviz.`` and never will be.
```
